Changed the submission guidance to be less ambigious (#33)
form3tech-oss/platform-interview: README.md

## Submission Guidance

### Shoulds

> - Use only plain Terraform in your solution, i.e. anything supported by the Terraform CLI installed by the `run.sh` script, but not external tooling or libraries that wrap or extend Terraform, such as Terragrunt or tfenv

Reviewer: We could add terragrunt and other file extensions into .gitignore and leave a comment in the .gitignore saying this is required. This way, if somebody tries to check it in, they'll see their files being omitted, they will open the .gitignore and see why

Reviewer 2: I think this would be a really nice addition if this were an internal repository, to help prevent accidental inclusion of files we think could be included but don't want to be, but for the purposes of this technical task I'd personally rather leave this just in the documentation.  We've made it clear with both "should" and "should not" items, so if a candidate ends up submitting a solution which relies on additional tooling then it tells us they didn't read the assignment properly.

> - Use only the core functionalities provided by Terraform in your solution. This includes using modules, variables, resource blocks, etc., but excludes any external tools or libraries that extend Terraform's capabilities.

Reviewer 2: I think this wording risks being too restrictive, referring to "core functionality" - possibly candidates would think that less fundamental features, such as workspaces, would be prohibited.  How about this?
```suggestion
- Use only plain Terraform in your solution, i.e. anything supported by the Terraform CLI installed by the `run.sh` script, but not external tooling or libraries that wrap or extend Terraform, such as Terragrunt or tfenv
```

Author: I am happy with that suggestion

- Only modify files in the `tf/` directory, `run.sh`, and `docker-compose.yml`
- Keep the current versions of the services running in `development` and `production` environments
- Structure your code in a way that will segregate environments
- 🚨 All environments (including staging) should be created when you run `vagrant up` and the apps should print `service started` and the secret data in their logs 🚨
- Structure your code in a way that allows engineers to run different versions of services in different environments

> - 

Reviewer 2: I don't think you meant to include this?
